I am Ino Tadataka, surveyor and a cartographer
who made the first surveyed map of Japan.
I was born in Kujukuri, Chiba Prefecture,
in 1745, and was adopted by the Ino rice wine
brewer family in Sawara when I was 17 years
old. I wanted to know how large the Earth
was by measuring 1 degree of the planet's
latitude. When I was 55 years old, I surveyed
and mapped the island of Ezo, now day Hokkaido.
I counted my own strides and steps. Later
I surveyed whole of Japan using ropes and
iron chains. Astronomical observations were
also used to measure the latitude of locations.
With my survey team, we spent 17 years walking
around the country traveling a total distance
of about 43,707 kilometers. The team made
a scale and poked pinholes at the corners
of each surveyed section and connected the
dots with ink to produce an outline. The final
version of my work, which amounted to 225
pages, was finally submitted to the shogunate
in 1821, three years after my death. I hope
you found my maps useful.